1a. The value of counter from the locals window is -2147483648 (= 0x80000000).
1b. The value of counter from the registers window is 0x80000000.
1c. The N and V flags are set in the APSR register. The N flag indicates that the result of the operation is negative, and the V flag indicates that the operation caused overflow. Since counter is a signed int, the max value it can take is 0x7FFFFFF; when 1 is added, the operation results in 0x8000000, where the most significant bit is 1. Since counter is a signed integer and represented in 2's complement, the value is interpreted as a negative integer, hence the N flag. Since adding 1 to a positive integer suddenly results in a negative integer, this is a sign of overflow, hence the V flag. In other words, there were not enough bits to represent the true value of 0x7FFFFFFF + 1, so the addition overflowed into the signed bit, triggering the V flag set.

2a. The value of counter from the locals window shows 0x0.
2b. The Z and C flags are set in the APSR. The Z flag is set because the operation results in a value of 0x0 (1 + 0xFFFFFFFF = 0x100000000, but since the result can only hold 32 bits, the carry bit (overflow) is dropped, leaving 0x0). The C flag is set because the operation resulted in a carry, as mentioned.

3a. The value of counter from the locals window is 0x80000000.
3b. The N and V flags are set in the APSR. Since the instructions don't have any idea if a value is signed or not, it is assumed to be signed; thus, by interpreting the operation with signed numbers, it would result in overflow (V) and a negative (N) result, despite the fact that it isn't.

4a. The value of counter in the locals window is 0x0.
4b. The Z and C flags are set in the APSR. The same reasoning for 2b is why the Z and C flags are set (overflow + carry).

5a. The scope of counter is global.
5b. Counter is not visible in the locals view, because it is not a local variable.
5c. We can track the counter variable in the Watch window.
5d. The address of the counter variable in memory is at 0x20000000.

6a. The value of counter at the end of the program is 0x4.
6b. The counter value changed because p_int is a pointer that points to the memory location where counter is stored (0x20000000). For each ++(* p_int) that is called, the pointer p_int is dereferenced, and the value is returned. The value 1 is then added to the recently retrieved value, then stored back in memory. (Load from memory: LDR, add 1: ADDS, and store to memory: STR. These three assembly instructions are identical for each ++(* p_int).) Since there are 3 of these statements, counter increments to 3; finally, the last counter++ statement also performs this addition, but there is an extra assembly instruction involved (LDR.N), indnicating that counter++ is slightly slower than ++(* p_int).

7a. Counter is stored at address 0x20000000.
7b. Counter variable is stored in RAM, specifically SRAM.
7c. The value of counter is 4 at the end of the program.
