1a. The instructions the compiler produces for writing to the specific bit using bit-band addressing are:
- MOVS R0, #1
- LDR.N R1, [PC, #0x48]
- STR R0, [R1]

1b. The instructions produced when writing without using bit-banding are:
- LDR.N R0, [PC, #0x28]
- LDR R1, [R0]
- ORRS.W R1, R1, #1
- STR R1, [R0]

Using the bit-band addressing scheme reduces complexity by preventing an extra load and OR operation.

2a. The calling function (func2) passes the values to the called function (func1) both by using registers R0-R3, and on the stack since there are more than four parameters passed on to the called function.

2b. Before calling function "func1", the compiler generated multiple instructions. One was the PUSH {R7, LR} instruction, to both push LR to the stack and to provide an empty spot for the extra argument to be stored on the stack. It also generated several MOVS instructions to store arguments into R0-R3. Finally it also contained a STR R0, [SP] function to store the fifth argument on the stack.

2c. Inside function "func1", the compiler generated extra code to save R4 (callee's responsibility to preserve values in registers R4-R11) to the stack, then used R4 to hold the fifth argument of the function loaded from the stack (LDR R4, [SP, #0x4]). Finally, after performing the function, the stack was popped to reload R4's original value as it was before func1 was called.

2d. No other observations at this time.

3c. The list of tests:
1. Check is_empty and is_full when stack is empty
2. Push 1 element onto the stack
3. Push, then pop 1 element from the stack
4. Pop from empty stack
5. Fill stack, check is_empty and is_full when stack is full
6. Push onto stack when full (overflow)
7. Fill stack, then pop all data
8. Fill stack, pop 1 element, fill stack, then pop all data
9. Fill stack, pop all, fill stack, then pop all
